fix: assert previous channel identifer is empty in Msg ValidateBasic (#1792)
cosmos/ibc-go: CHANGELOG.md

### API Breaking

> * (core/04-channel) [\#1792](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1792) Remove `PreviousChannelID` from `NewMsgChanOpenTry` arguments. `MsgChanOpenTry.ValidateBasic()` returns error if the deprecated `PreviousChannelID` is not empty. 

Reviewer: Should we document this change in `NewMsgChanOpenTry` signature in the migration docs?

Author: Yea, good point, no reason not to

> * (core/04-channel) [\#1792](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1792) Remove `PreviousChannelID` from `NewMsgChanOpenTry` arguments. `MsgChanOpenTry.ValidateBasic()` returns error if the deprecated `PreviousChannelID` is not empty. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (core/04-channel) [\#1792](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1792) Remove `PreviousChannelID` from `NewMsgChannelOpenTry` arguments. `MsgChannelOpenTry.ValidateBasic()` returns error if the deprecated `PreviousChannelID` is not empty. 
```
